# What even is CSS

Monday, September 11th, 2017

Today I learned CSS.  Well, I learned some new things about it. Suffice to say, I am
trash at frontend.  I imagine this will result in an entertaining post.

Coming from the narrow focus of backend technology, I find the world of CSS foreign,
insensible, downright terrifying.  The deluge of selectors and css modifiers create
a fun filled land of all things great, many things terrible.  Like waltzing through
a Chocolate Factory of sorts but much less sweet.  Let's summarize what I've learned...

### width, flex-direction
What even is mobile.  Seriously.  I suppose I shouldn't <i>really</i> be complaining,
what with the world of backend being an equivalent cacophony of versions, environments,
systems, so on and so forth.  Yet I still find myself a frustrated mess, attempting
to make sense of the madness of having <i>not only</i> to accommodate for four (or
more) different browsers on desktop applications, but also the variations of mobile
client viewports.

Upon first building <a href="/">chuuni.me</a> about a week ago, I cobbled together
some blah 5-minute CSS and made the site... palatable.  Barely.  An obnoxious coat of
pink font over a dark, angsty edgelord dark blue.  Perfect to satisfy the Dark Lord.

Of course the logical thing is to only test functionality of the site on an
up-to-date build of Google Chrome on a brand new 2016 Apple Macbook.  LGTM pretty
much.

Of course embarrassment followed when I excitedly attempted to show off the new site
on my iPhone.  Takanashi Rikka's face stretched alllllllllll the way across and off
the screen.  Like that pancake you flipped but it landed half off the edge and you
don't want to move it out of fear of breaking it more but it's already too late.

In our modern iteration of viewport compatibility it seems like using absolute values
like <pre>width: 750px;</pre> is just not kosher.  Height, on the other hand, I guess
you can still get away with.  <small>Until they come out with some app where the only
valid scrolling motions are left and... oh wait a minute.</small>

For beginner level mobile compatibility, percent width seems to be king.
`width: 100%`.  Truly the American way.


### text-decoration, color, and its effect on a tags
A nasty little tidbit that caught me was the ineffectiveness of
`text-decoration: none` on &lt;a&gt; elements.  Of course, a seasoned frontend dev
would know this!  That &lt;a&gt; tags are unruly children, and don't follow their
parents' orders of font color, underlining, or font-decoration, and instead opt to decide 
their own fates as obnoxious blue, underlined text.  Purple of they are used goods.

Of course, in CSS, children can be coerced into doing anything you want them to.
And in this case, I decided to just slap the &lt;a&gt; tag with some
`text-decoration: none`.  Easy enough.  You can see it in the logo now.
