# I decided to go on a journey

Sunday, September 10th, 2017

Today, seated on the comfy family room sofa of Tiffany's home, I came up with an idea.

At the time of this grand epiphany I found myself surrounded by the sounds of elation, mostly from Tiffany 
and Jen who, having just discovered the magic of mounted combat in the new Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild game,
were efficiently murdering goblins [kind of like this](https://youtu.be/EmTz7EAYLrs?t=368).

It was an incredible sight to behold, how this little video game had painstakingly crafted a world so rich and 
full of opportunity, that it could arouse the ordinarily subdued Tiffany into a vicious, goblin-slaying machine, 
shrieking the Hyrulian war cries of _"FUCK"_ and _"GOD DAMN IT"_.

I'd been, as some may know, working on this website.  It's been a bit of a hobby project of mine, learning how to 
build something from scratch with a technology stack I am completely unfamiliar with.  It's been fun and very 
rewarding, but it's also been... challenging.  At the time I'd already been eating shit trying to make sense of
minor CSS problems for over two hours.  I was ready to tear my hair out, this fucking CSS.  Why?  Just why??

Being outside of my comfort zone has been the norm in my new (I guess you could call it) "profession".  
About a month ago I wrote a [long and very rational post](https://www.facebook.com/thederekwang/posts/10155584568273064)
on Facebook, as a confession to the world of why I left my promising job at Airbnb, possibly dooming my career in 
Payments Systems.  In short, I left because, well... I was missing something.  Something that was beyond free food, 
fancy hardware, a paycheck, friendly collaborators, or promises of purpose.  Something immaterial, inscrutable, 
but true to the essence of being human.

So **I decided to go on a journey**.  An intellectual one.  To find my missing puzzle piece.  There was something
about being in my comfort zone that was poisonous to me.  So I sought to shed all of the security, guidance, 
and structure I'd built my life around so far.  I wanted to try something different.  I wanted to, like Tiffany on 
her Nintendo WiiU, be exposed to a world so rich and full of opportunity, that it 
would tease out the person that I truly am.


It's been a short three weeks.  And I've never felt so free.  I went to Japan, handed out fliers at a career fair, 
pitched an idea to a VC, learned how to build a website from the ground up with Node, networked with Berkeley students,
signed up for software consulting work.  Three weeks, and I've learned more than I learned in nine months at Airbnb.   


Then, sitting upon that sofa, sucking on a freezer burned coconut popsicle, **the idea** dawned upon me...  

**_What if I wrote a journal about my... well... Journey?_**

_What should I write about?  Would people find it interesting?  Would people even read it?  Should I even do this?  
Will it help people?  Will I learn something along the way?_

A deluge of questions and hypotheticals were naturally the first thoughts that came to mind.  But ultimately Tiffany 
would be the one to silence them, leaving me one piece of wisdom before parting for the night.  She said (paraphrasing):

**_"There is no point to doing anything, if you don't do it for youself."_**

In this blog I wish to chronicle my thoughts, my experiences, and my learning in this vast and uncertain period of 
my life.  This blog is here (and not on Facebook) because well... quite frankly its home is here.  There is no better a
metaphor for my journey than this website itself; its growth and evolution are inextricable from my own, both as
a developer and as a human being.
